now I'm be showing you all the live TV
and DVR on the iphone 3g simple you see
my iphone this is the iphone 3g I just
have a rubber case with protecting on
there basically it's a iphone 3g okay
you're lying exit out of my music but
they don't pause now really is easy I
don't have to press any I don't have an
application for actually it's like a
glitch so all I will actually need to do
is press this button on the top BAM live
TV you can even zoom in on the TV it's
live TV and zoom out
zoom out sista that's a live TV I'm up
on my iphone 3g then you have a little
DVR bucks so all you gotta do is just
like press it to activate it so just
press it again it unless you go back let
you go back to live TV you can change
channels this is you go to
anything you want even movie channels I
mean it got over a thousand channels
right now I'm up here in an HBO but you
can turn a rush hour 3 like zoom in for
you now here I'm watching rush hour 3 on
my iphone 3g the iphone 3g look I'm
still on my phone this is my iphone 3g
i'm watching TV on my iphone 3g what
else do they have fun you can even
browse through the channels
live free or die hard
that's on and this is all live TV live
on my iphone 3g when y'all just not love
to thank Apple for such a beautiful job
now i'm bout to zoom out of my iphone 3g
it didn't like if i get like a call some
oranges if i want to call somebody i
just go you know and just turn it on and
just switch back to regular mode and i
don't have it on live TV no more and
basically yes yes that's how it's done
actually that's how it's done thank you
for watching